## Assignment 2

### 1. What is NPM?

- npm is a package manager that manages all the packages. It can be thought of as a huge registry or repository of packages.
- It does NOT stand for Node Package Manager.

### 2. What is 'Parcel/Webpack'? Why do we need it?

- Parcel, Webpack, Vite are some of the Bundlers used to bundle the code before building dev and prod build.
- A bundler minifies, compresses, bundles up the code before shipping the code to production.
- We need a bundler because if we send the entire code as it is, in the form of those multiple js, html, css files, this is really not optimum coz the browser needs to make lots of network calls to fetch all these numberous files. So instead, bundling up the code generates a limited no. of files to be fetched. This makes our app faster and more lightweight.

### 3. What is '.parcel-cache'?

- One of the superpowers of Parcel is to do caching. So it Caches the code and places it in the '.parcel-cache' folder.
- This provides faster builds to us. Everytime we re-build the app, it takes lesser time than previous build since the code is already cached and only the changes need to be reflected in that code. There is no need to re-build the entire app from scratch

### 4. What is 'npx'?

- npx is a package executer. It is used to execute packages. If the package is not present locally, then it installs prior to the execution.

### 5. What is difference between 'dependencies' vs 'Devdependencies'?

- There are 2 types of dependencies: normal dependencies and dev dependencies

- **Normal Dependencies** : The ones which our project require in all the phases of the project ie. (used in development and production also). Such dependencies are put into the "dependencies" key of the package.json.

- **Dev Dependencies**: They are the ones which our project requires just in the development phase. Such dependencies are put into the "devDependencies" key of the package.json. (Example Parcel)

- In our React project, we install **parcel as a devDependency** since npm knows parcel is required at development phase to bundle the code, not at production, because bundling should be done before production.

### 6. What is Tree Shaking?

- Tree shaking is a technique used by JavaScript bundlers to remove unused code from an application's bundle.
- This is also called as Dead-code Elimination.

### 7. What is Hot Module Replacement (HMR)?

- Parcel performs HMR. It automatically reloads/refreshes the webpage whenever we make any changes to our code.
- It rebuilds the app whenever we make any changes in any file.
- It automatically updates the modules in the browser at runtime without needing a whole page refresh.

### 8. Five Superpowers of Parcel:

- Hot Module Replacement uses the File Watcher Algorithm which is written in c c++
- Creating the local server to host the app
- Caching the App code
- Tree Shaking
- Minification: Reducing the file size by removal of extra whitespaces in the code, renaming variables to shorter variable names.
- Compression: Applying Compression algorithms like Gzip or Brotli on the minified code
- Differential Bundling: Provides support for older browsers
- Better Diagnostics: Provides a better presentation of errors and warnings in the dev environment leading to easy diagnostics.

### 9. What is '.gitignore'? What should we add and not add into it?

- '.gitignore' file is a text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project.
- This is useful for preventing Git from tracking and committing files that you don't want to include in the repository.
- Anything which can be regenerated should be put inside .gitignore.
- We never push the node_modules file into our Git repository because we don't need to, we can regenerate it using npm install. That's why we put it inside our .gitignore file.

### 10. What is the difference between 'package.json' and 'package-lock.json'?

- 'package.json' and 'package-lock.json' are both JSON files that are used to manage packages for JavaScript projects. However, they serve different purposes:

1. **package.json:**

   - it describes the project and its dependencies.
   - Specifies the desired versions of dependencies.
   - Used for installing, sharing, and managing dependencies

2. **package-lock.json:**
   - It records the exact versions of installed dependencies.
   - Prevents unexpected changes in dependencies when running npm install.

### 11. should i modify 'package-lock.json'?

- NO, Don't modify 'package-lock.json' manually. It is automatically generated by npm and contains a precise record of the exact versions of dependencies and their dependencies that are installed in your project.

- Modifying it directly can lead to inconsistencies and unexpected behavior across development environments.

### 12. What is the 'dist' folder?
- In web development, the 'dist' folder, short for 'distribution,' serves as a repository for the compiled and optimized output of a web application. It typically contains the JavaScript, CSS, and other web-related files that are ready to be deployed to a production server.

### 13. What is the 'browserslist'? Read about diff. bundlers: vite, webpack, parcel
-  In web development, 'browserslist' is a configuration file that specifies the browsers and their versions that your web application should support. 

### 14. Read about Caret (^) and Tilda (~).

The caret (^) and tilde (~) symbols are used in package.json to specify the acceptable version ranges for dependencies.
 - **Caret(^)**
     - Allows minor + patch updates, but locks major version.
     - For Example: ^1.2.3 → allows 1.2.4, 1.3.0, 1.5.9 … but not 2.0.0.

  - **Tilde(~)**
       - ~1.2.3 → allows patch updates only (1.2.4, 1.2.5 …), but not 1.3.0.
       - ~1.2 → allows minor + patch updates within 1.2 (1.2.1, 1.2.9 …), but not 1.3.0.

